there were rumors that sustained us
stories of a man born in the desert a
ghost sunset some said flesh and blood a
masked man a lone ranger
if we ride together we ride for justice
justice is what I seek Kemosabe
look at you Wow would you ever want to
come back here it's my own
going somewhere yes no no we are nice no
yes shut up yes
I'm actually really excited for the Lone
Ranger not the first trailer but the
second trailer is what really kind of
got me on board I reviewed that you can
check out the review here via the link
but I feel in short that it looks like
armie hammer and Johnny Depp aren't
gonna make a good team which was one of
my biggest concerns about the film so uh
this is a this is high up on Mike to see
list in 2013 however I have to say I'm
very nervous that it's not up on other
people's lists so I feel that Disney has
made some bad choices not only in terms
of the way the film is being shot and
portrayed but also the way their
advertising it so i guess i'll start
with the advertising because that's what
we're talking about here at this new
Super Bowl spot interestingly they're
focusing all the attention over to armie
hammer risky move armie hammer has yet
to really prove that he can bring in an
audience he's never starred in a big
movie like this before I guess to some
degree he was in mirror mirror and he
did very well in that but that did not
do well so I would be really reluctant
to kind of like bet all my money on
Armie Hammer you know to double down on
him so I think that I but I can
understand he is the lone ranger and
it's embarrassing to not make him the
focus of you know the publicity but i
think you know just like the new poster
they debuted it should really be a mix
of the two of them together ah the other
thing that I think this might hurt this
film is that I know westerns are bleak
and they you know they take place in
these towns that have one street and you
know everyone just congregates around
that but I feel that this audience is
like lush exciting you know locales
that's where the reasons avatar was so
successful people would see it again and
again even though the story wasn't
fantastic because they wanted to return
to Pandora so I feel that you know by
creating this kind of bleak look I mean
oh look it's like it's kind of almost
like the movie version the live-action
movie version of Rango another Johnny
Depp film uh you know good film but
again you're not creating a world that
people want to return to again and again
I think they should have gone more
Disney with it it is a Disney film
ideally you would love to turn uh you
know Frontierland into lone ranger land
and all the theme parks so I think they
should have maybe gone with the more
lush Western look you know it like the
deep reds and stuff like that in the lot
them you know but more brighter nicer
colors so I feel that this is all gonna
hurt the film I really cuz I'm excited
for it looks good to me I do enjoy
Johnny Depp I know some people get tired
of his shtick and also what did you
think of his stick here I mean at the
end who does have that gag with the
smile at the end and I can't decide it
if it rubs me the wrong way because it's
like to jack sparrow or because it seems
vaguely racist against portraying you
know Native Americans that way it's kind
of almost like you know I don't know I
don't I don't even know how to discuss
it with that coming across poorly myself
I guess it doesn't have the dignity that
I thought I saw since some of the other
spots for the film maybe that's just a
bad moment I don't know I'm gonna go to
the Lone Ranger they've already sold my
sold me on my ticket but you know I do
feel it's it's hard for me to watch this
because I I see a movie that I'm excited
about kind of going off the rails what
do you think r is the lone ranger
something that you're excited to see in
2013 or am i right that you know you're
not into it and if you're not into it
why write your thoughts down below and
thank you for coming to be on the
trailer for these quick snapshot reviews
of the Super Bowl trailers you can check
out the others via the links here thanks
for watching